# Safely-Compact-PST-File-using-Outlook-Compact-Feature
Corrupt PST File But if you have a corrupt PST file, then you can neither compress PST file nor can you split PST it. In such a critical situation, you must repair PST file with the help of scanpst.exe or any third-party PST Repair application.  Microsoft Outlook client has a wide range of smart features including compacting PST file. The built-in Compact feature of Outlook can safely compact PST file by removing all the unused extra space. Keep in mind that you don’t gain space automatically when you delete items from the PST files. You must compact PST file to get free space. First, you should manage Outlook mailbox items, and then you can reduce PST file size. Below steps show you how to manage Outlook mailbox.
Professional Way to Compact PST File
These two methods are very helpful to compact PST file of Microsoft Outlook. But if you’re looking for a professional solution to avoid all these manual steps and achieve best results, you should try the PST Compress tool provided by SysInfoTools Software. It’s a safe and easy-to-use application that requires no prior technical expertise. Via this software, you can safely compact PST file of any size without causing any damage or data loss. It can reduce PST file size by removing all the extra and unused space. The PST Compress tool is available with the demo version for free evaluation. By using the demo version, you can save first 5 emails of every PST file you select after compression.
